# -DNSSEC
Domain Name System (DNS) is a hierarchical naming system built on distributed database. This system translates domain name to IP address or vice-versa and make it possible to assign domain name to group of internet resources and users. DNS protocol uses port 53 of UDP transport layer protocol which does not contain security by itself and does not have foolproof built in authentication making it more susceptible to hacking than other network based services. Domain Name System Security Extension (DNSSEC) are a collection of protocols that add a layer of security to the domain Name System lookup and exchange processes, which have become integral in accessing websites through the internet. It is set of extensions to DNS which provides DNS clients authentications of DNS data. The motivation for doing this project is primarily an interest in undertaking challenging project in the field of DNSSEC because during the part of the course we found the topic very interesting and hence wanted to pursue our project on this topic so that we could acquire more knowledge and experiences in this concept. In this project we  installed and configured DNS Test Bed Hierarchy by configuring Root, TLD, STLD DNS Servers for forward and reverse lookups zones. We done the evaluation on this hierarchy to check DNS query latency from the identified vantage point.  We implemented DNSSEC on DNS Test Bed Hierarchy and again done the evaluation for DNS query latency, and done the analysis to compare the query latency with DNSSEC and without DNSSEC.
